Astronomy/SolarFlares/2026SolarFlares.md, before:

<details markdown='1'><summary>Expand / Collapse: Solar Activity — 2026</summary>

### Solar Activity — 2026

| Solar Event | Date |
|---|---|
| [CCOR-1 Differential Images Now Available on the SWPC Webpage / NOAA / NWS Space Weather Prediction Center](https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/news/ccor-1-differential-images-now-available-swpc-webpage)<br />Differential imagery animations are now available on our SWPC webpage. Access by navigating to the coronagraph imagery as noted in the included graphic. | Tuesday, January 06, 2026 21:17 UTC |
| [NOAA SWFO-L1 Update as of January 5th, 2026 / NOAA / NWS Space Weather Prediction Center](https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/news/noaa-swfo-l1-update-january-5th-2026)<br />The NOAA SWFO-L1 spacecraft is approaching its orbital insertion day of January 20, 2026. Instrumentation and data continue to be evaluated and thus far, systems are still performing as expected. The compact coronagraph (CCOR-2) is planned for first door opening on January 21st, which will set the stage for this instrument's performance and imagery to be evaluated.  Overall consensus from system engineers is that things are still looking great for SWFO-L1. | Tuesday, January 06, 2026 17:38 UTC |

</details>

Commit message:

[docs](doc): Markdown(Solar Flares)
Signed-off-by: Ralph Hightower <32745442+RalphHightower@users.noreply.github.com>

Astronomy/SolarFlares/2026SolarFlares.md, after:

<details markdown='1'><summary>Expand / Collapse: Solar Activity — 2026</summary>

### Solar Activity — 2026

| Solar Event | Date |
|---|---|
| **[Who’s That Photobombing the Sun? / NOAA / NWS Space Weather Prediction Center](https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/news/who%E2%80%99s-photobombing-sun)** <br />While they might look like stars, the bright spots in the latest coronagraph imagery are actually the planets Mercury, Venus, and Mars passing behind the Sun from Earth’s perspective. To see them, we use a specialized telescope called a coronagraph, which utilizes an internal occulting disk to block out the Sun’s direct glare. This allows us to observe the much fainter solar corona. | **Thursday, January 15, 2026 20:11 UTC** |
| [CCOR-1 Differential Images Now Available on the SWPC Webpage / NOAA / NWS Space Weather Prediction Center](https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/news/ccor-1-differential-images-now-available-swpc-webpage)<br />Differential imagery animations are now available on our SWPC webpage. Access by navigating to the coronagraph imagery as noted in the included graphic. | Tuesday, January 06, 2026 21:17 UTC |
| [NOAA SWFO-L1 Update as of January 5th, 2026 / NOAA / NWS Space Weather Prediction Center](https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/news/noaa-swfo-l1-update-january-5th-2026)<br />The NOAA SWFO-L1 spacecraft is approaching its orbital insertion day of January 20, 2026. Instrumentation and data continue to be evaluated and thus far, systems are still performing as expected. The compact coronagraph (CCOR-2) is planned for first door opening on January 21st, which will set the stage for this instrument's performance and imagery to be evaluated.  Overall consensus from system engineers is that things are still looking great for SWFO-L1. | Tuesday, January 06, 2026 17:38 UTC |

</details>
