Home/HomeLab.md, before:

# Home/Home Lab

## Hardware 

### Storage 

| Storage | Date |
|---|---|
| [45drives](https://www.45drives.com/ ) |
| [45homelab](https://45homelab.com/ ) |
| [TrueNAS SCALE Network Configuration Tips for Home Server - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/truenas-scale-network-configuration-tips-for-home-server/ ) |
| [TrueNAS vs Synology: Best Network Attached Storage - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/truenas-vs-synology-best-network-attached-storage/ ) |

### Time Keeping 

| Time Keeping | Date |
|---|---|
| [The Timebeat Store - Not Dick's Clock Shop](https://store.timebeat.app/ ) |
| [opencompute Time Appliance Project](https://www.opencompute.org/w/index.php?title=Time_Appliances_Project ) |

## Essential Services

| Essential Services | Purpose | Date |
|---|---|---|
| **[Unlocking High-Precision RTK Positioning - News - SparkFun Electronics](https://www.sparkfun.com/news/7401?_hsmi=264570328&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8mYIMo-lyv0BAtJ14bPLj3KM60o_HLHbWEZhXF64wzJNd_GCy1LNde85sFDGAJWSWVg0qV7ZQ_o-tRI9-ZTcznsNjOQ7RGcXejfYVnLAN8t1dX3lg& )** | NTP/NTRIP Server | 
| [Atomic Clocks and Oscillators - Safran / Navigation and Timing](https://safran-navigation-timing.com/solution/atomic-clocks-and-oscillators/ ) | PTP |
| [GPS NTP Servers - Network Time Servers - Timing & Sync - Safran / Navigation and Timing](https://safran-navigation-timing.com/solution/timing-and-synchronization/ ) | PTP 
| [SparkFun's RTK Reference Station Is Its "Most Capable" GNSS Receiver and Logger Yet - Hackster.io](https://www.hackster.io/news/sparkfun-s-rtk-reference-station-is-its-most-capable-gnss-receiver-and-logger-yet-057c07287fa9 ) |
| [Time Cards with Atomic Clocks at OCP Regional Summit 2023 Prague](https://www.servethehome.com/time-cards-with-atomic-clocks-at-ocp-regional-summit-2023-prague-meta-safran-orolia-intel-amd-xilinx-microchip/ ) |
| [Wazuh Open Source SIEM: XDR for Enterprise and Home Lab - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/wazuh-open-source-siem-xdr-for-enterprise-and-home-lab/ )[^11]  | Security Platform |
| [Security Onion Install: Awesome Open Source Security for Home Lab - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/security-onion-install-awesome-open-source-security-for-home-lab/ ) |

[^11]: Wazuh operates as a security platform, offering both Extended Detection and open-source unified XDR and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) functionalities for log data analysis. It is designed to protect endpoints as well as cloud workloads.

## Articles

| Home Lab Articles | Date |
|----|---|
|[Top 7 Home Lab Server Tools in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/05/top-7-home-lab-server-tools-in-2023/ ) |
| [Homarr: Sleek Home Lab Dashboard for Server Monitoring - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/homarr-sleek-home-lab-dashboard-for-server-monitoring/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Storage Solutions in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/top-5-home-lab-storage-solutions-in-2023/ ) |
| [Heimdall Dashboard: Organize and Access Home Lab Apps - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/04/heimdall-dashboard-organize-and-access-home-lab-apps/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Server Backup Solutions - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/top-5-home-lab-server-backup-solutions/ ) |
| [Top 7 Low Power Home Server Tips and Tricks in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/top-7-low-power-home-server-tips-and-tricks-in-2023/ ) |
| [ESXTOP commands: The Ultimate Guide - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/esxtop-commands-the-ultimate-guide/ ) |
| [Unraid vs TrueNAS - Home Lab Comparison in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/05/unraid-vs-truenas-home-lab-comparison-in-2023/ ) |
|[Best Hypervisor for Home Lab in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/best-hypervisor-for-home-lab-in-2023/ )|
| [K3s vs K8s: The Best Kubernetes Home Lab Distribution - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/k3s-vs-k8s-the-best-kubernetes-home-lab-distribution/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Server Backup Solutions - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/top-5-home-lab-server-backup-solutions/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Storage Solutions in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/top-5-home-lab-storage-solutions-in-2023/ ) |
|[Headscale: Awesome Self-Hosted Tailscale Control Server - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/05/headscale-awesome-self-hosted-tailscale-control-server/ )|
|[Heimdall Dashboard: Organize and Access Home Lab Apps - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/04/heimdall-dashboard-organize-and-access-home-lab-apps/ )|
| [DietPi: Tiny OS for Home Server Self-hosting - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/09/dietpi-tiny-os-for-home-server-self-hosting/ ) |
| [Virtual machine vs container: Which is best for home lab? - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/virtual-machine-vs-container-which-is-best-for-home-lab/ ) |
| [Amazon.com: Asustor AS-T10G3, 10GbE & M.2 NVMe SSD Network Card (for Lockerstor 4 Gen 2 & 6 Gen2 / Lockerstor 4R & 12R / Lockerstor 12R Pro & 16R Pro) : Electronics](https://www.amazon.com/Asustor-AS-T10G3-10GbE-Network-Lockerstor/dp/B0BTLG7ZFP?keywords=asustor+as-T10g3&qid=1688770801&sr=8-1&ufe=app_do:amzn1.fos.18630bbb-fcbb-42f8-9767-857e17e03685&linkCode=sl1&tag=mmjjg-20&linkId=4d383554d4c9d90fd004cebab32f9297&language=en_US& ) |
| [How I installed TrueNAS on my new ASUSTOR NAS / Jeff Geerling](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2023/how-i-installed-truenas-on-my-new-asustor-nas ) |
| [Proxmox 8: New Features and Home Lab Upgrade Instructions - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/proxmox-8-new-features-and-home-lab-upgrade-instructions/ ) |
|[Best Hypervisor for Home Lab in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/best-hypervisor-for-home-lab-in-2023/ )|
|[The Best DNS Servers for Secure Browsing](https://www.howtogeek.com/874773/the-best-dns-servers-for-secure-browsing/ ) |
| [DietPi: Tiny OS for Home Server Self-hosting - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/09/dietpi-tiny-os-for-home-server-self-hosting/ ) |
| [GitLab CI CD Pipelines for Home Lab: A Step-by-Step Guide - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/gitlab-ci-cd-pipelines-for-home-lab-a-step-by-step-guide/ ) |
| [Top 10 Open Source NAS software in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/top-10-open-source-nas-software-in-2023/ )  |
| [GitLab CI CD Pipelines for Home Lab: A Step-by-Step Guide - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/gitlab-ci-cd-pipelines-for-home-lab-a-step-by-step-guide/ ) |
| [Best NAS in 2023](https://www.xda-developers.com/best-nas/ ) |

Commit message:

[docs](web): Update HomeLab(Certificate Authority, DNS/DHCP)
- #4326

Home/HomeLab.md, after:

# Home/Home Lab

## Hardware 

### Storage 

| Storage | Date |
|---|---|
| [45drives](https://www.45drives.com/ ) |
| [45homelab](https://45homelab.com/ ) |
| [TrueNAS SCALE Network Configuration Tips for Home Server - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/truenas-scale-network-configuration-tips-for-home-server/ ) |
| [TrueNAS vs Synology: Best Network Attached Storage - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/truenas-vs-synology-best-network-attached-storage/ ) |

### Time Keeping 

| Time Keeping | Date |
|---|---|
| [The Timebeat Store - Not Dick's Clock Shop](https://store.timebeat.app/ ) |
| [opencompute Time Appliance Project](https://www.opencompute.org/w/index.php?title=Time_Appliances_Project ) |

## Essential Services

| Essential Services | Purpose | Date |
|---|---|---|
| [EJBCA - The Open-Source Certificate Authority (CA)](https://www.ejbca.org/ ) |
| **[Doing DNS and DHCP for your LAN the old way—the way that works / Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2024/02/doing-dns-and-dhcp-for-your-lan-the-old-way-the-way-that-works/ )** |
| **[Unlocking High-Precision RTK Positioning - News - SparkFun Electronics](https://www.sparkfun.com/news/7401?_hsmi=264570328&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8mYIMo-lyv0BAtJ14bPLj3KM60o_HLHbWEZhXF64wzJNd_GCy1LNde85sFDGAJWSWVg0qV7ZQ_o-tRI9-ZTcznsNjOQ7RGcXejfYVnLAN8t1dX3lg& )** | NTP/NTRIP Server | 
| [Atomic Clocks and Oscillators - Safran / Navigation and Timing](https://safran-navigation-timing.com/solution/atomic-clocks-and-oscillators/ ) | PTP |
| [GPS NTP Servers - Network Time Servers - Timing & Sync - Safran / Navigation and Timing](https://safran-navigation-timing.com/solution/timing-and-synchronization/ ) | PTP 
| [SparkFun's RTK Reference Station Is Its "Most Capable" GNSS Receiver and Logger Yet - Hackster.io](https://www.hackster.io/news/sparkfun-s-rtk-reference-station-is-its-most-capable-gnss-receiver-and-logger-yet-057c07287fa9 ) |
| [Time Cards with Atomic Clocks at OCP Regional Summit 2023 Prague](https://www.servethehome.com/time-cards-with-atomic-clocks-at-ocp-regional-summit-2023-prague-meta-safran-orolia-intel-amd-xilinx-microchip/ ) |
| [Wazuh Open Source SIEM: XDR for Enterprise and Home Lab - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/wazuh-open-source-siem-xdr-for-enterprise-and-home-lab/ )[^11]  | Security Platform |
| [Security Onion Install: Awesome Open Source Security for Home Lab - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/security-onion-install-awesome-open-source-security-for-home-lab/ ) |

[^11]: Wazuh operates as a security platform, offering both Extended Detection and open-source unified XDR and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) functionalities for log data analysis. It is designed to protect endpoints as well as cloud workloads.

## Articles

| Home Lab Articles | Date |
|----|---|
|[Top 7 Home Lab Server Tools in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/05/top-7-home-lab-server-tools-in-2023/ ) |
| [Homarr: Sleek Home Lab Dashboard for Server Monitoring - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/homarr-sleek-home-lab-dashboard-for-server-monitoring/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Storage Solutions in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/top-5-home-lab-storage-solutions-in-2023/ ) |
| [Heimdall Dashboard: Organize and Access Home Lab Apps - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/04/heimdall-dashboard-organize-and-access-home-lab-apps/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Server Backup Solutions - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/top-5-home-lab-server-backup-solutions/ ) |
| [Top 7 Low Power Home Server Tips and Tricks in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/top-7-low-power-home-server-tips-and-tricks-in-2023/ ) |
| [ESXTOP commands: The Ultimate Guide - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/esxtop-commands-the-ultimate-guide/ ) |
| [Unraid vs TrueNAS - Home Lab Comparison in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/05/unraid-vs-truenas-home-lab-comparison-in-2023/ ) |
|[Best Hypervisor for Home Lab in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/best-hypervisor-for-home-lab-in-2023/ )|
| [K3s vs K8s: The Best Kubernetes Home Lab Distribution - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/k3s-vs-k8s-the-best-kubernetes-home-lab-distribution/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Server Backup Solutions - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/top-5-home-lab-server-backup-solutions/ ) |
| [Top 5 Home Lab Storage Solutions in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/top-5-home-lab-storage-solutions-in-2023/ ) |
|[Headscale: Awesome Self-Hosted Tailscale Control Server - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/05/headscale-awesome-self-hosted-tailscale-control-server/ )|
|[Heimdall Dashboard: Organize and Access Home Lab Apps - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/04/heimdall-dashboard-organize-and-access-home-lab-apps/ )|
| [DietPi: Tiny OS for Home Server Self-hosting - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/09/dietpi-tiny-os-for-home-server-self-hosting/ ) |
| [Virtual machine vs container: Which is best for home lab? - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/07/virtual-machine-vs-container-which-is-best-for-home-lab/ ) |
| [Amazon.com: Asustor AS-T10G3, 10GbE & M.2 NVMe SSD Network Card (for Lockerstor 4 Gen 2 & 6 Gen2 / Lockerstor 4R & 12R / Lockerstor 12R Pro & 16R Pro) : Electronics](https://www.amazon.com/Asustor-AS-T10G3-10GbE-Network-Lockerstor/dp/B0BTLG7ZFP?keywords=asustor+as-T10g3&qid=1688770801&sr=8-1&ufe=app_do:amzn1.fos.18630bbb-fcbb-42f8-9767-857e17e03685&linkCode=sl1&tag=mmjjg-20&linkId=4d383554d4c9d90fd004cebab32f9297&language=en_US& ) |
| [How I installed TrueNAS on my new ASUSTOR NAS / Jeff Geerling](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2023/how-i-installed-truenas-on-my-new-asustor-nas ) |
| [Proxmox 8: New Features and Home Lab Upgrade Instructions - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/proxmox-8-new-features-and-home-lab-upgrade-instructions/ ) |
|[Best Hypervisor for Home Lab in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/06/best-hypervisor-for-home-lab-in-2023/ )|
|[The Best DNS Servers for Secure Browsing](https://www.howtogeek.com/874773/the-best-dns-servers-for-secure-browsing/ ) |
| [DietPi: Tiny OS for Home Server Self-hosting - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/09/dietpi-tiny-os-for-home-server-self-hosting/ ) |
| [GitLab CI CD Pipelines for Home Lab: A Step-by-Step Guide - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/gitlab-ci-cd-pipelines-for-home-lab-a-step-by-step-guide/ ) |
| [Top 10 Open Source NAS software in 2023 - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/top-10-open-source-nas-software-in-2023/ )  |
| [GitLab CI CD Pipelines for Home Lab: A Step-by-Step Guide - Virtualization Howto](https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2023/10/gitlab-ci-cd-pipelines-for-home-lab-a-step-by-step-guide/ ) |
| [Best NAS in 2023](https://www.xda-developers.com/best-nas/ ) |
