Astronomy/TCoronaBorealisGoesKablooie.md, before:

	# Astronomy \| T Corona Borealis Goes Kablooie 

## Astronomy / T Corona Borealis *"Hot Links"*

| [NOAA / NWS Space Weather Prediction Center](https://www.spaceweather.gov/homepage)[^11] |
|---|
| [Ars Technica • Science](https://arstechnica.com/science/) |
| [The Lighter Side of Science / IFLScience](https://www.iflscience.com/) |
| [Inverse • Science](https://www.inverse.com/science)
| [PHYS • News of: Space, Astronomy, Space Exploration](https://phys.org/space-news/) |
| [ScienceAlert](https://www.sciencealert.com/) |
| [Space](https://www.space.com/) |
| [The Sun Spot - NASA](https://blogs.nasa.gov/sunspot/) |

[^11]: Links to get ready access to new news articles on solar flares that may bring the Aurora Borealis down to South Carolina, and also, T Corona Borealis for when it goes **KABLOOIE!**

## T Corona Borealis Articles 

![Horrendous Space Kablooie": Calvin and Hobbes' Name for the Big Bang was Embraced by Real Scientists](horrendous-space-kablooie.jpg)

["Horrendous Space Kablooie": Calvin and Hobbes' Name for the Big Bang was Embraced by Real Scientists](https://screenrant.com/calvin-hobbes-big-bang-horrendous-space-kablooie/) • August 1, 2023 @ [ScreenRant](https://screenrant.com/)

| T Corona Borealis | Date |
|---|---|
| [NASA, global astronomers await rare nova explosion • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-06-nasa-global-astronomers-await-rare.html) | JUNE 7, 2024 |
| [NASA, Global Astronomers Await Rare Nova Explosion - NASA](https://www.nasa.gov/centers-and-facilities/marshall/nasa-global-astronomers-await-rare-nova-explosion/) | JUN 06, 2024 |
| [What danger are the auroras hiding? • Universe Magazine](https://universemagazine.com/en/what-danger-lies-behind-the-auroras/) | May 20, 2024 |
| [Solar flare could cause X-ray auroras • Universe Magazine](https://universemagazine.com/en/a-powerful-solar-flare-could-cause-x-ray-auroras-on-mercury/) | March 19, 2024 |
| [Best photos of the most powerful aurora borealis • Universe Magazine](https://universemagazine.com/en/storm-of-the-century-the-best-photos-of-the-historic-aurora-borealis/) | May 13, 2024 |
| [We're About To Witness A Stellar Event Potentially First Recorded In A Medieval Manuscript / IFLScience](https://www.iflscience.com/were-about-to-witness-a-stellar-event-potentially-first-recorded-in-a-medieval-manuscript-74360) | May 24, 2024 |
| [Nova explosion visible to the naked eye expected any day now / Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/science/2024/05/if-you-can-see-the-big-dipper-youll-get-to-see-a-star-go-nova-soon/) | 5/21/2024, 10:13 AM |
| [A new star is about to appear in the night sky. Here’s how to catch a glimpse / CU Boulder Today / University of Colorado Boulder](https://www.colorado.edu/today/2024/04/29/new-star-about-appear-night-sky-heres-how-catch-glimpse) | April 29, 2024 |
| [Q&A: How to catch a glimpse of a new star about to appear in the night sky • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-04-qa-glimpse-star-night-sky.html) | APRIL 29, 2024 |
| [This nova is on the verge of exploding. You could see it any day now. / Mashable](https://mashable.com/article/nova-outburst-new-star-coronae-borealis) | April 20, 2024 |
| [A Rare Nova Explosion Will Soon Bring a 'New Star' to the Night Sky—How to Catch a Glimpse / Smithsonian](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/a-rare-nova-explosion-will-soon-bring-a-new-star-to-the-night-sky-how-to-catch-a-glimpse-180984186/) | April 19, 2024 |
| [Never seen an exploding star? This year, you'll have your chance : NPR](https://www.npr.org/2024/04/15/1244799763/nova-exploding-star-t-coronae-borealis) | APRIL 15, 2024 12:37 PM ET |
| [Nova explosion 2024 date approaches. Better than the eclipse? • Fast Company](https://www.fastcompany.com/91090893/nova-explosion-2024-date-approaches-t-coronae-borealis-better-than-eclipse) | 04-11-2024 |
| [Move Over Eclipse, a New Celestial Wonder Is Set to Take Center Stage • Gizmodo](https://gizmodo.com/move-over-eclipse-a-new-celestial-wonder-is-set-to-tak-1851399742) | April 10, 2024 |
| [Be the First to See a Once-in-a-Lifetime Stellar Explosion! • SETI Institute](https://www.seti.org/be-first-see-once-lifetime-stellar-explosion) | April 10 2024 |
| [A Giant Explosion in Space Will Happen This Year, And You Can See It : ScienceAlert](https://www.sciencealert.com/a-giant-explosion-in-space-will-happen-this-year-and-you-can-see-it) | 08 April 2024 |
| [Huge star explosion to appear in sky in once-in-a-lifetime event • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-04-huge-star-explosion-sky-lifetime.html) | APR 6, 2024 |
| [Nova explosion will be visible to naked eye in rare stargazing event • NBC News](https://www.nbcnews.com/science/space/nova-explosion-new-star-visible-naked-eye-rcna144511) | March 22, 2024, 7:00 AM EDT |
| [Explosive nova will create a ‘new star’ in the night sky / CNN](https://www.cnn.com/2024/03/19/world/t-coronae-borealis-nova-new-star-scn/index.html) | 5:37 PM EDT, Tue March 19, 2024 |
| [Astrophysicist explains science behind once-in-a-lifetime nova outburst that will light up the sky this year • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-03-astrophysicist-science-lifetime-nova-outburst.html) | MARCH 19, 2024 |
| [Bright new ‘North star’ will soon burst into view – here’s how to see it • New Atlas](https://newatlas.com/space/bright-new-star-2024-nova/) | March 19, 2024 |
| [A new star in the sky might be the 'brightest nova of the generation' • Astronomy](https://www.astronomy.com/observing/how-to-see-t-coronae-borealis-the-brightest-nova-of-the-generation/)[^21] | March 18, 2024 |
| ['New star' as bright as the North Star will ignite in the sky this year. Here's how to see it. / Live Science](https://www.space.com/new-star-night-sky-nova-explosion-rare) | March 15, 2024 |
| [A rare nova ignites a 'new star' in the sky this year. Here's how to see it / Space](https://www.space.com/new-star-night-sky-nova-explosion-rare) | March 12, 2024 |
| [Once-in-a-Lifetime Viewing Opportunity: Nova Explosion, ‘New’ Star in Northern Crown • SciTechDaily](https://scitechdaily.com/once-in-a-lifetime-viewing-opportunity-nova-explosion-new-star-in-northern-crown/) | FEBRUARY 28, 2024 |
| [View Nova Explosion, ‘New’ Star in Northern Crown - Watch the Skies / NASA](https://blogs.nasa.gov/Watch_the_Skies/2024/02/27/view-nova-explosion-new-star-in-northern-crown/) | February 27, 2024 |
| [Three planets around this sun-like star are doomed • Phys ](https://phys.org/news/2023-11-planets-sun-like-star-doomed.html)[^22] | NOVEMBER 1, 2023 |
| [A Medieval Manuscript Adds Credibility To Prediction Of A Nova Next Year • IFLScience ](https://www.iflscience.com/a-medieval-manuscript-adds-credibility-to-prediction-of-a-nova-next-year-70802) | September 21, 2023 |

[^21]: Typically, T CrB is not visible to the naked eye at a magnitude of 10. When it reaches peak brightness, T CrB will be comparable to Polaris, the North Star, which has a magnitude of 2. (The smaller the number, the brighter it is.) It should remain this bright for a few days to a week before vanishing again. When T CrB goes off, it will only be at maximum brightness for half a day before you must wait another 80 years to see it with your naked eyes. So go out and keep an eye on it!
[^22]: This Rho Corona Borealis, not T Corona Borealis. But they are in the same constellation. 


## Light Pollution 

As rural areas of Lexington County, South Carolina, become suburban areas, the ability to enjoy the night sky is greatly diminished. Subdivisions in the design phase should be developed to preserve dark skies for stargazing, meteor showers, and viewing the International Space Station. Current subdivision currently in the design, development, and construction phases in Lexington County, South Carolina are producing light pollution that destroy the night sky.

### Light Pollution Remediations
 
#### Lighting Recommendations for New Subdivisions

DarkSky International restores the nighttime environment and protects communities from the harmful effects of light pollution through outreach, advocacy, and conservation.

What is light pollution?
Light pollution is the human-made alteration of outdoor light levels from those occurring naturally.

What are the effects?
Light pollution disrupts wildlife, impacts human health, wastes money and energy, contributes to climate change, and blocks our view of the universe.[^31]

[^31]: From [Dark Web's website](https://darksky.org/)

| Light Pollution Solutions |
|---|
| [DarkSky Approved / DarkSky International](https://darksky.org/ ) |

### Light Pollution — What Is It? / Where is it?

| Light Pollution | Date |
|---|---|
| [Light pollution map](https://www.lightpollutionmap.info/)
| [Light Pollution and Astronomy: How Dark Are Your Night Skies? - Sky & Telescope](https://skyandtelescope.org/astronomy-resources/light-pollution-and-astronomy-the-bortle-dark-sky-scale/) | JULY 18, 2006 |

# International Space Station 

## ISS Sighting Opportunities for South Carolina 

If you can see stars at night, then you can watch the ISS when it flies overhead. The sun reflecting off the solar arrays is what makes it visible. It sort of looks like a fast moving star, faster than a passenger jet, but slower than a meteor.

| Sighting Opportunity / Spot The Station ▪︎ NASA |
|---|
| [Columbia, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Columbia) |
| [Lexington, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lexington) |
|    |
| [Abbeville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Abbeville) |
| [Aiken, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Aiken) |
| [Allendale, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Allendale) |
| [Anderson, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Anderson) |
| [Aiken, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Aiken) |
| [Bamberg, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bamberg) |
| [Barnwell, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Barnwell) |
| [Beaufort, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Beaufort) |
| [Bennettsville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bennettsville) |
| [Bishopville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bishopville) |
| [Bluffton, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bluffton#) |
| [Camden, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Camden) |
| [Clemson, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Clemson) |
| [Charles Pinckney National Historic Site, National Parks, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=National_Parks&city=Charles_Pinckney_National_Historic_Site) |
| [Charleston, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Charleston) |
| [Chester, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Chester) |
| [Chesterfield, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Chesterfield) |
| [Congaree National Park, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Congaree_National_Park) |
| [Conway, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Conway) |
| [Darlington, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Darlington) |
| [Dillon, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Dillon) |
| [Edgefield, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Edgefield) |
| [Florence, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Florence) |
| [Fort Sumter National Monument, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Fort_Sumter_National_Monument) |
| [Gaffney, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Gaffney) |
| [Georgetown, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Georgetown) |
| [Greenville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Greenville) |
| [Greenwood, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Greenwood) |
| [Hampton, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Hampton) |
| [Hopkins, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Hopkins) |
| [Kings Mountain National Military Park, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Kings_Mountain_National_Military_Park) |
| [Kingstree, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Kingstree) |
| [Lake View, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lake_View) |
| [Lancaster, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lancaster) |
| [Laurens, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Laurens) |
| [Lynchburg, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lynchburg) |
| [Manning, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Manning) |
| [Moncks Corner, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Moncks_Corner) |
| [Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Myrtle_Beach) |
| [McCormick, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=McCormick) |
| [Newberry, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Newberry) |
| [Ninety Six, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Ninety_Six) |
| [Ninety Six National Historic Site, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Ninety_Six_National_Historic_Site) |
| [Pickens, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Pickens) |
| [Ridgeland, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Ridgeland) |
| [Saint George, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Saint_George) |
| [Saint Matthews, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Saint_Matthews) |
| [Saluda, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Saluda) |
| [Seneca, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Seneca) |
| [Spartanburg, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Spartanburg) |
| [Sumter, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Sumter) |
| [Union, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Union) |
| [York, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=York) |
| [Walhalla, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Walhalla) |
| [Walterboro, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Walterboro) |
| [Williamston, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Williamston) |
| [Winnsboro, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Winnsboro) |

Commit message:

U[docs](web): TCoronaBorealisGoesKablooie(Auroras and T Corona Borealis Mixup)

Astronomy/TCoronaBorealisGoesKablooie.md, after:

	# Astronomy \| T Corona Borealis Goes Kablooie 

## Astronomy / T Corona Borealis *"Hot Links"*

| [NOAA / NWS Space Weather Prediction Center](https://www.spaceweather.gov/homepage)[^11] |
|---|
| [Ars Technica • Science](https://arstechnica.com/science/) |
| [The Lighter Side of Science / IFLScience](https://www.iflscience.com/) |
| [Inverse • Science](https://www.inverse.com/science)
| [PHYS • News of: Space, Astronomy, Space Exploration](https://phys.org/space-news/) |
| [ScienceAlert](https://www.sciencealert.com/) |
| [Space](https://www.space.com/) |
| [The Sun Spot - NASA](https://blogs.nasa.gov/sunspot/) |

[^11]: Links to get ready access to new news articles on solar flares that may bring the Aurora Borealis down to South Carolina, and also, T Corona Borealis for when it goes **KABLOOIE!**

## T Corona Borealis Articles 

![Horrendous Space Kablooie": Calvin and Hobbes' Name for the Big Bang was Embraced by Real Scientists](horrendous-space-kablooie.jpg)

["Horrendous Space Kablooie": Calvin and Hobbes' Name for the Big Bang was Embraced by Real Scientists](https://screenrant.com/calvin-hobbes-big-bang-horrendous-space-kablooie/) • August 1, 2023 @ [ScreenRant](https://screenrant.com/)

| T Corona Borealis | Date |
|---|---|
| [NASA, global astronomers await rare nova explosion • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-06-nasa-global-astronomers-await-rare.html) | JUNE 7, 2024 |
| [NASA, Global Astronomers Await Rare Nova Explosion - NASA](https://www.nasa.gov/centers-and-facilities/marshall/nasa-global-astronomers-await-rare-nova-explosion/) | JUN 06, 2024 |
| [A 'new star' could appear in the sky any night now. Here's how to see the Blaze Star ignite. / Live Science](https://www.livescience.com/space/astronomy/a-new-star-could-appear-in-the-sky-any-night-now-heres-how-to-see-the-blaze-star-ignite) | June 4, 2024 |
| [We're About To Witness A Stellar Event Potentially First Recorded In A Medieval Manuscript / IFLScience](https://www.iflscience.com/were-about-to-witness-a-stellar-event-potentially-first-recorded-in-a-medieval-manuscript-74360) | May 24, 2024 |
| [Nova explosion visible to the naked eye expected any day now / Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/science/2024/05/if-you-can-see-the-big-dipper-youll-get-to-see-a-star-go-nova-soon/) | 5/21/2024, 10:13 AM |
| [A new star is about to appear in the night sky. Here’s how to catch a glimpse / CU Boulder Today / University of Colorado Boulder](https://www.colorado.edu/today/2024/04/29/new-star-about-appear-night-sky-heres-how-catch-glimpse) | April 29, 2024 |
| [Q&A: How to catch a glimpse of a new star about to appear in the night sky • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-04-qa-glimpse-star-night-sky.html) | APRIL 29, 2024 |
| [This nova is on the verge of exploding. You could see it any day now. / Mashable](https://mashable.com/article/nova-outburst-new-star-coronae-borealis) | April 20, 2024 |
| [A Rare Nova Explosion Will Soon Bring a 'New Star' to the Night Sky—How to Catch a Glimpse / Smithsonian](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/a-rare-nova-explosion-will-soon-bring-a-new-star-to-the-night-sky-how-to-catch-a-glimpse-180984186/) | April 19, 2024 |
| [Be the First to See a Once-in-a-Lifetime Stellar Explosion! • SETI Institute](https://www.seti.org/be-first-see-once-lifetime-stellar-explosion) | April 17 2024 |
| [Never seen an exploding star? This year, you'll have your chance : NPR](https://www.npr.org/2024/04/15/1244799763/nova-exploding-star-t-coronae-borealis) | APRIL 15, 2024 12:37 PM ET |
| [Nova explosion 2024 date approaches. Better than the eclipse? • Fast Company](https://www.fastcompany.com/91090893/nova-explosion-2024-date-approaches-t-coronae-borealis-better-than-eclipse) | 04-11-2024 |
| [Move Over Eclipse, a New Celestial Wonder Is Set to Take Center Stage • Gizmodo](https://gizmodo.com/move-over-eclipse-a-new-celestial-wonder-is-set-to-tak-1851399742) | April 10, 2024 |
| [A Giant Explosion in Space Will Happen This Year, And You Can See It : ScienceAlert](https://www.sciencealert.com/a-giant-explosion-in-space-will-happen-this-year-and-you-can-see-it) | 08 April 2024 |
| [Huge star explosion to appear in sky in once-in-a-lifetime event • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-04-huge-star-explosion-sky-lifetime.html) | APR 6, 2024 |
| [Nova explosion will be visible to naked eye in rare stargazing event • NBC News](https://www.nbcnews.com/science/space/nova-explosion-new-star-visible-naked-eye-rcna144511) | March 22, 2024, 7:00 AM EDT |
| [Explosive nova will create a ‘new star’ in the night sky / CNN](https://www.cnn.com/2024/03/19/world/t-coronae-borealis-nova-new-star-scn/index.html) | 5:37 PM EDT, Tue March 19, 2024 |
| [Astrophysicist explains science behind once-in-a-lifetime nova outburst that will light up the sky this year • Phys](https://phys.org/news/2024-03-astrophysicist-science-lifetime-nova-outburst.html) | MARCH 19, 2024 |
| [Bright new ‘North star’ will soon burst into view – here’s how to see it • New Atlas](https://newatlas.com/space/bright-new-star-2024-nova/) | March 19, 2024 |
| [A new star in the sky might be the 'brightest nova of the generation' • Astronomy](https://www.astronomy.com/observing/how-to-see-t-coronae-borealis-the-brightest-nova-of-the-generation/)[^21] | March 18, 2024 |
| [A rare nova ignites a 'new star' in the sky this year. Here's how to see it / Space](https://www.space.com/new-star-night-sky-nova-explosion-rare) | March 12, 2024 |
| [Once-in-a-Lifetime Viewing Opportunity: Nova Explosion, ‘New’ Star in Northern Crown • SciTechDaily](https://scitechdaily.com/once-in-a-lifetime-viewing-opportunity-nova-explosion-new-star-in-northern-crown/) | FEBRUARY 28, 2024 |
| [View Nova Explosion, ‘New’ Star in Northern Crown - Watch the Skies / NASA](https://blogs.nasa.gov/Watch_the_Skies/2024/02/27/view-nova-explosion-new-star-in-northern-crown/) | February 27, 2024 |
| [Three planets around this sun-like star are doomed • Phys ](https://phys.org/news/2023-11-planets-sun-like-star-doomed.html)[^22] | NOVEMBER 1, 2023 |
| [A Medieval Manuscript Adds Credibility To Prediction Of A Nova Next Year • IFLScience](https://www.iflscience.com/a-medieval-manuscript-adds-credibility-to-prediction-of-a-nova-next-year-70802) | September 21, 2023 |

[^21]: Typically, T CrB is not visible to the naked eye at a magnitude of 10. When it reaches peak brightness, T CrB will be comparable to Polaris, the North Star, which has a magnitude of 2. (The smaller the number, the brighter it is.) It should remain this bright for a few days to a week before vanishing again. When T CrB goes off, it will only be at maximum brightness for half a day before you must wait another 80 years to see it with your naked eyes. So go out and keep an eye on it!
[^22]: This Rho Corona Borealis, not T Corona Borealis. But they are in the same constellation. 


## Light Pollution 

As rural areas of Lexington County, South Carolina, become suburban areas, the ability to enjoy the night sky is greatly diminished. Subdivisions in the design phase should be developed to preserve dark skies for stargazing, meteor showers, and viewing the International Space Station. Current subdivision currently in the design, development, and construction phases in Lexington County, South Carolina are producing light pollution that destroy the night sky.

### Light Pollution Remediations
 
#### Lighting Recommendations for New Subdivisions

DarkSky International restores the nighttime environment and protects communities from the harmful effects of light pollution through outreach, advocacy, and conservation.

What is light pollution?
Light pollution is the human-made alteration of outdoor light levels from those occurring naturally.

What are the effects?
Light pollution disrupts wildlife, impacts human health, wastes money and energy, contributes to climate change, and blocks our view of the universe.[^31]

[^31]: From [Dark Web's website](https://darksky.org/)

| Light Pollution Solutions |
|---|
| [DarkSky Approved / DarkSky International](https://darksky.org/ ) |

### Light Pollution — What Is It? / Where is it?

| Light Pollution | Date |
|---|---|
| [Light pollution map](https://www.lightpollutionmap.info/)
| [Light Pollution and Astronomy: How Dark Are Your Night Skies? - Sky & Telescope](https://skyandtelescope.org/astronomy-resources/light-pollution-and-astronomy-the-bortle-dark-sky-scale/) | JULY 18, 2006 |

# International Space Station 

## ISS Sighting Opportunities for South Carolina 

If you can see stars at night, then you can watch the ISS when it flies overhead. The sun reflecting off the solar arrays is what makes it visible. It sort of looks like a fast moving star, faster than a passenger jet, but slower than a meteor.

| Sighting Opportunity / Spot The Station ▪︎ NASA |
|---|
| [Columbia, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Columbia) |
| [Lexington, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lexington) |
|    |
| [Abbeville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Abbeville) |
| [Aiken, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Aiken) |
| [Allendale, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Allendale) |
| [Anderson, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Anderson) |
| [Aiken, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Aiken) |
| [Bamberg, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bamberg) |
| [Barnwell, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Barnwell) |
| [Beaufort, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Beaufort) |
| [Bennettsville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bennettsville) |
| [Bishopville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bishopville) |
| [Bluffton, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Bluffton#) |
| [Camden, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Camden) |
| [Clemson, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Clemson) |
| [Charles Pinckney National Historic Site, National Parks, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=National_Parks&city=Charles_Pinckney_National_Historic_Site) |
| [Charleston, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Charleston) |
| [Chester, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Chester) |
| [Chesterfield, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Chesterfield) |
| [Congaree National Park, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Congaree_National_Park) |
| [Conway, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Conway) |
| [Darlington, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Darlington) |
| [Dillon, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Dillon) |
| [Edgefield, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Edgefield) |
| [Florence, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Florence) |
| [Fort Sumter National Monument, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Fort_Sumter_National_Monument) |
| [Gaffney, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Gaffney) |
| [Georgetown, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Georgetown) |
| [Greenville, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Greenville) |
| [Greenwood, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Greenwood) |
| [Hampton, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Hampton) |
| [Hopkins, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Hopkins) |
| [Kings Mountain National Military Park, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Kings_Mountain_National_Military_Park) |
| [Kingstree, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Kingstree) |
| [Lake View, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lake_View) |
| [Lancaster, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lancaster) |
| [Laurens, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Laurens) |
| [Lynchburg, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Lynchburg) |
| [Manning, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Manning) |
| [Moncks Corner, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Moncks_Corner) |
| [Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Myrtle_Beach) |
| [McCormick, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=McCormick) |
| [Newberry, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Newberry) |
| [Ninety Six, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Ninety_Six) |
| [Ninety Six National Historic Site, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Ninety_Six_National_Historic_Site) |
| [Pickens, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Pickens) |
| [Ridgeland, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Ridgeland) |
| [Saint George, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Saint_George) |
| [Saint Matthews, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Saint_Matthews) |
| [Saluda, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Saluda) |
| [Seneca, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Seneca) |
| [Spartanburg, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Spartanburg) |
| [Sumter, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Sumter) |
| [Union, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Union) |
| [York, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=York) |
| [Walhalla, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Walhalla) |
| [Walterboro, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Walterboro) |
| [Williamston, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Williamston) |
| [Winnsboro, South Carolina, United States](https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=South_Carolina&city=Winnsboro) |
