Computing/SoftwareDeveloperEvents.md, before:

# Computing \| Software Developer Events 

| Software Developer Event | Date | Time Zone |
|---|---|---|
| [openSUSE Conference 2024](https://events.opensuse.org/conferences/oSC24 )<br />Nürnberg/Germany<br />Theme - Evaluating the future: Where are we going?<br /><br />This will be updated sometime after the Logo Contest<br /><br />The openSUSE Conference is an annual gathering of openSUSE Project and Open Source Communities. Known as oSC, it features a blend of virtual and in-person presentations as well as workshops and social gatherings.<br />The event is held this year at the Z-Bau in Nuremberg, Germany, from June 27 to June 29, 2024. Our conference unites passionate, open-source enthusiasts to discuss and showcase the latest in open-source technologies, projects, and communities. It's a free community event, and your sponsorship is vital in ensuring this event remains accessible to all. Support us in making this remarkable event possible while keeping it free for attendees who actively contribute to to several open-source projects and code. | 2024-06-27 — 2024-06-29 | CEST (UTC+2:00) |
| [Embedded Open Source Summit / LF Events](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/embedded-open-source-summit/ )<br />APRIL 16-18, 2024<br />SEATTLE, WASHINGTON<br />[Schedule 2024 / LF Events](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/embedded-open-source-summit/program/schedule/ ) | 2024-04-16 — 2024-04-18 | PT |
| [The #1 AI Conference for Developers / GTC 2024 / NVIDIA](https://www.nvidia.com/gtc/ )<br />San Jose, CA and Virtual<br />Workshops March 17–21<br />Keynote March 18<br />AI Conference and Expo March 18–21 | 2024-03-17 — 2024-03-21 | PT |
| ~~[Microsoft Ignite 2023](https://ignite.microsoft.com/en-US/home )~~ | ~~2023-11-15,16~~ | ~~PT~~ |
| ~~[GitHub Universe 2023](https://githubuniverse.com/? )~~ | ~~2023-11-08,09~~ ||

Commit message:

[docs](web): Update SoftwareDeveloperEvents(extended description)
- Computing AI NVIDIA 
   - SoftwareDeveloperEvents
      - | [GitHub Universe - 2024](https://githubuniverse.com/ )<br />Fort Mason Center for Arts & Culture in San Francisco, CA | 2024-10-29,30 |
   - Strike through 
      - Embedded Open Systems 
      - NVIDIA AI Conference

Computing/SoftwareDeveloperEvents.md, after:

# Computing \| Software Developer Events 

| Software Developer Event | Date | Time Zone |
|---|---|---|
| [GitHub Universe - 2024](https://githubuniverse.com/ )<br />Fort Mason Center for Arts & Culture in San Francisco, CA | 2024-10-29 — 2024-10-30 |
| [openSUSE Conference 2024](https://events.opensuse.org/conferences/oSC24 )<br />Nürnberg/Germany<br />Theme - Evaluating the future: Where are we going?<br /><br />This will be updated sometime after the Logo Contest<br /><br />The openSUSE Conference is an annual gathering of openSUSE Project and Open Source Communities. Known as oSC, it features a blend of virtual and in-person presentations as well as workshops and social gatherings.<br />The event is held this year at the Z-Bau in Nuremberg, Germany, from June 27 to June 29, 2024. Our conference unites passionate, open-source enthusiasts to discuss and showcase the latest in open-source technologies, projects, and communities. It's a free community event, and your sponsorship is vital in ensuring this event remains accessible to all. Support us in making this remarkable event possible while keeping it free for attendees who actively contribute to to several open-source projects and code. | 2024-06-27 — 2024-06-29 | CEST (UTC+2:00) |
| ~~[Embedded Open Source Summit / LF Events](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/embedded-open-source-summit/ )<br />APRIL 16-18, 2024<br />SEATTLE, WASHINGTON<br />[Schedule 2024 / LF Events](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/embedded-open-source-summit/program/schedule/ )~~ | ~~2024-04-16 — 2024-04-18~~ | ~~PT~~ |
| ~~[The #1 AI Conference for Developers / GTC 2024 / NVIDIA](https://www.nvidia.com/gtc/ )<br />San Jose, CA and Virtual<br />Workshops March 17–21<br />Keynote March 18<br />AI Conference and Expo March 18–21~~ | ~~2024-03-17 — 2024-03-21~~ | ~~PT~~ |
| ~~[Microsoft Ignite 2023](https://ignite.microsoft.com/en-US/home )~~ | ~~2023-11-15,16~~ | ~~PT~~ |
| ~~[GitHub Universe 2023](https://githubuniverse.com/? )~~ | ~~2023-11-08,09~~ ||
